# Security-Algorithm-On-FPGA
1) Triple Hill encryption algorithm:	
A. A. M. Khalaf et al. first suggested the triple hill cipher in 2015[1]. The algorithm takes a 256 bits key to encrypt 128 bits of plain text. The input text block will be rearranged to a 4 x 4 bytes matrix. The predefined extraction function will extract eight subkeys (ki) from each of the three keys [1]. The text block will go through the XOR operation, stir operation, and matrix multiplication and modulation calculations with each subkey. The stir operation gives the system nonlinearity, just like the permutation layer in AES. If denoting those three operations by "one loop" , every full round consists of eight loops. After the full execution of three complete rounds, the algorithm finishes and the encrypted text is ready. However, because the paper does not demonstrate how they got the second and third keys from the initial input key, I divided the initial key into four parts. I concat them in a different order to mimic the process for getting the second and third key in my work. 


2) PRESENT encryption with Boolean Substitution Box: 			
	 PRESENT is the ultra-lightweight encryption algorithm. The structure of PRESENT is similar to AES, whose structure is based on the substitution and permutation network. J. J. Tay et al. suggested that the area and hardware resources used for implementing PRESENT algorithm can be reduced by changing the structure of the substitution box so that instead of saving a copy of S-Box inside the RAM, the values of S-Box can be dynamically calculated by boolean equations. They use Karnaugh maps to simplify the S-Box boolean and correlate the input with output using mathematical SOP (sum of product) equations[2]. The common terms in the boolean equation can be factorized and reused in S-box calculation to reduce hardware resources further. 
